LUKE (into comlink) Echo Three to Echo Seven. Han, old buddy, do you read me? After a little static a familiar voice is heard. HAN (over comlink) Loud and clear, kid. What's up? LUKE (into comlink) Well, I finished my circle. I don't pick up any life readings. HAN (over comlink) There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. The sensors are placed, I'm going back. LUKE (into comlink) Right. I'll see you shortly. There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here. I want to check it out. It won't take long. Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard. He pats the beast on the head to calm it. LUKE Hey, steady girl. What's the matter? You smell something? Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind. He hears a monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape towering over him. It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociously. LUKE Aaargh! Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by a huge white claw. He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck being broken. The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags him away across the frozen plain. EXT. HOTH - REBEL BASE ENTRANCE - DAY A stalwart figure rides his Tauntaun up to the entrance of an enormous ice cave. INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK Rebel troopers rush about unloading supplies and otherwise securing their new base. The rider, Han Solo, swings off his lizard and pulls off his goggles. He walks into the main hangar deck toward the Millennium Falcon, which is parked among several fighters. Mechanics, R2 units, and various other droids hurry about. Han stops at the Millennium Falcon where his Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, is welding on a central lifter. Chewie stops his work and lifts his face shield, growling an irritated greeting to his boss. HAN Chewie! The Wookiee grumbles a reply. HAN All right, don't lose your temper. I'll come right back and give you a hand. Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han leaves. INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER A makeshift command center has been set up in a blasted area of thick ice. The low-ceilinged room is a beehive of activity. Controllers, troops, and droids move about setting up electronic equipment and monitoring radar signals. General Rieekan straightens up from a console at Han's approach. RIEEKAN Solo? HAN No sign of life out there, General. The sensors are in place. You'll know if anything comes around. RIEEKAN Commander Skywalker reported in yet? HAN No. He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him. RIEEKAN (indicates radar screen) With all the meteor activity in this system, it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships. Taking a deep breath, Han blurts out what is on his mind. HAN General, I've got to leave. I can't stay anymore. Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed in a short white combat jacket and pants. Her hair is braided across her head in a Nordic fashion. She overhears their conversation and seems somewhat distressed. RIEEKAN I'm sorry to hear that. HAN Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, I'm a dead man. RIEEKAN A death mark's not an easy thing to live with. You're a good fighter, Solo. I hate to lose you. HAN Thank you, General. He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away. HAN (with feeling) Well, Your Highness, I guess this is it. LEIA That's right. Leia is angry. Han sees she has no warmth to offer him. He shakes his head and adopts a sarcastic tone. HAN (cooly) Well, don't get all mushy on me. So long, Princess. Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the command center. Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him. INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR LEIA Han! Han stops in the corridor and turns to face Leia. HAN Yes, Your Highnessness? LEIA I thought you decided to stay. HAN Well, the bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my mind. LEIA Han, we need you! HAN We? LEIA Yes. HAN Oh, what about you need? LEIA (mystified) I need? I don't know what you're talking about. HAN (shakes his head, fed up) You probably don't. LEIA And what precisely am I supposed to know? HAN Come on! You want me to stay because of the way you feel about me. LEIA Yes. You're a great help to us. You're a natural leader... HAN No! That's not it. Come on. Aahhh - uh huh! Come on. Leia stares at him, understanding, then laughs. LEIA You're imagining things. HAN Am I? Then why are you following me? Afraid I was going to leave without giving you a goodbye kiss? LEIA I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee. HAN I can arrange that. You could use a good kiss! Angrily, Han strides down the corridor as Leia stares after him. INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ANOTHER ICE CORRIDOR A familiar stream of beeps and whistles herald the approach of Artoo- Detoo and See-Threepio, who appear around a corner and move along an ice wall toward the main hangar. THREEPIO Don't try to blame me. I didn't ask you to turn on the thermal heater. I merely commented that it was freezing in the princess' chamber. But it's supposed to be freezing. How are we going to dry out all her clothes? I really don't know. Artoo beeps a stream of protesting whistles. THREEPIO Oh, switch off. INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK The two robots stop at Han Solo's space freighter. Han